Clarify remote MCP server is available on all plans (#9284)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/about-mcp.md

- You either don’t want to install, or are restricted from installing, additional software on your system.
- Your use case is primarily consumption-based (for example, querying metrics, exploring metadata, viewing lineage).

> The remote MCP server is available on all <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> [plans](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing). However, the underlying [dbt APIs](/docs/dbt-apis/overview) that the server's tools rely on, such as the Discovery API and <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> APIs, vary by plan type. As a result, the tools available to you through the remote MCP server depend on your plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remote MCP server is available on all <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> [plans](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing). However, the underlying [dbt APIs](/docs/dbt-apis/overview) that the server's tools rely on vary by plan type. For example, the Discovery API and <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> APIs. As a result, the tools available to you through the remote MCP server depend on your plan.
```
